# NatGatewayModel

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**IdleTimeoutInMinutes** | **int32** | The idle timeout for NAT gateway. | 
**AutoGenerated** | Pointer to **bool** | A boolean value to state if a NAT gateway was generated by citrix service as part of deployment. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewNatGatewayModel

`func NewNatGatewayModel(idleTimeoutInMinutes int32, ) *NatGatewayModel`

NewNatGatewayModel instantiates a new NatGatewayModel object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewNatGatewayModelWithDefaults

`func NewNatGatewayModelWithDefaults() *NatGatewayModel`

NewNatGatewayModelWithDefaults instantiates a new NatGatewayModel object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetIdleTimeoutInMinutes

`func (o *NatGatewayModel) GetIdleTimeoutInMinutes() int32`

GetIdleTimeoutInMinutes returns the IdleTimeoutInMinutes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdleTimeoutInMinutesOk

`func (o *NatGatewayModel) GetIdleTimeoutInMinutesOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdleTimeoutInMinutesOk returns a tuple with the IdleTimeoutInMinutes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdleTimeoutInMinutes

`func (o *NatGatewayModel) SetIdleTimeoutInMinutes(v int32)`

SetIdleTimeoutInMinutes sets IdleTimeoutInMinutes field to given value.


### GetAutoGenerated

`func (o *NatGatewayModel) GetAutoGenerated() bool`

GetAutoGenerated returns the AutoGenerated field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAutoGeneratedOk

`func (o *NatGatewayModel) GetAutoGeneratedOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAutoGeneratedOk returns a tuple with the AutoGenerated field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAutoGenerated

`func (o *NatGatewayModel) SetAutoGenerated(v bool)`

SetAutoGenerated sets AutoGenerated field to given value.

### HasAutoGenerated

`func (o *NatGatewayModel) HasAutoGenerated() bool`

HasAutoGenerated returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


